The Bink Media Player license applies to all parts that are not explicitly
marked with other licenses or externally maintained libraries.

- Bink Media Player uses deps/bink v1.9c | v1.9.17 library, which is licensed
  as follows:
  """
    The product name Bink, Bink Video, and the Bink logo are all copyrighted
    and trademarked by RAD Game Tools, Inc.  Copyright 1994-2008 RAD Game
    Tools, Inc.  All Rights Reserved.  Printed and produced in the United
    States of America.

    As a licensee of Bink, you must abide by the terms set forth in your
    license agreement.  Please refer to that agreement if you have any
    questions about what you may or may not do with this documentation or the
    software to which it pertains.  Bink is not copy protected, but it is
    copyrighted.  We think our license agreements are fair, and that our
    software is reasonably priced for the quality and effort we have put into
    it.  Using our software in ways other than allowed by your license agreement
    violates federal, civil, and criminal law.  We rely primarily on your good
    faith not to violate our copyright; please respect it.

    This software and documentation are provided "as is" without warranty of
    any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the
    implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
    In no event will RAD Game Tools, Inc. be liable to you for damages, 
    including any general, special, incidental or consequential damages arising
    out of the use or inability to use the product (including, but not limited
    to, loss of data).

    Thanks to AMD for their kind support during the development of Bink for
    Windows 64!
    This software is based in part on the work of the Independent JPEG Group.

    All brand and product names mentioned in this documentation are trademarks
    or registered trademarks of their respective companies.
  """

- Bink Media Player uses deps/miles v7.1a | v9.3.9 library, which is licensed
  as follows:
  """
    Miles Sound System
    Author: John Miles

    Copyright (C) 1991-2007, RAD Game Tools, Inc.
    Contact RAD Game Tools at 425-893-4300 for technical support.
  """
